Did you know Franklin County Public Library has Virginia State Park Discovery Backpacks and Parking passes
available for check out?
In this one kit, you get everything you need
for a fun day exploring nature at your local state parks.
In addition to a parking pass,
the kit includes nature guides full of detailed, color images
to help guide you through your surroundings
and activity sheets and information to help guide your adventures.
Your backpack will also contain an observation container
magnifying glass, dip net, compass, binoculars, ruler, and forceps
to help you make the most out of your day!
Backpacks are available for checkout at the Rocky Mount children's desk
and the Westlake circulation desk
and have a two week check out period.
This backpack is the perfect addition to your summer adventures in our beautiful state parks
Be sure to come check yours out soon!